README.md, before:

# Plastic Anthony
<small style="font-size:12pt;">A web platform for coordinating coffee dates.</small>

## Blurb

This repo contains the code for the developing _Plastic Anthony_ platform, which is currently in a transitional state. The core codebase is a React and Redux application built from [Max Stoiber's boilerplate](https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate). Still in legacy use, however, is an Angular and Parse rush/coffee date application. We don't have enough time to refactor this whole application, so we will be using the legacy admin portal (angular) with the new and refurbished user portal (react/redux). The legacy application ran using [parse.com](https://parse.com/), but due to the recent depredation of that platform, the 2016 rush process will run a server through a Dockerized [Parse Server](https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-server) (the parse.com) open source equivalent.

## Documentation

- [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md): How to get up and running with a development environment.
- [Boilerplate](docs/boiler/general): What's included and why (docs from the boilerplate)

## Legacy Application

Go to the [app-legacy](app-legacy) folder and see the README.md there.

Commit message:

add waffle board to readme

README.md, after:

# Plastic Anthony
<small style="font-size:12pt;">A web platform for coordinating coffee dates.</small>

## Blurb

This repo contains the code for the developing _Plastic Anthony_ platform, which is currently in a transitional state. The core codebase is a React and Redux application built from [Max Stoiber's boilerplate](https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate). Still in legacy use, however, is an Angular and Parse rush/coffee date application. We don't have enough time to refactor this whole application, so we will be using the legacy admin portal (angular) with the new and refurbished user portal (react/redux). The legacy application ran using [parse.com](https://parse.com/), but due to the recent depredation of that platform, the 2016 rush process will run a server through a Dockerized [Parse Server](https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-server) (the parse.com) open source equivalent.

## Workflow

Work is in progress on this repo, and can be followed through [our Waffle board](https://waffle.io/plasticanthony/coffee-dates). 

## Documentation

- [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md): How to get up and running with a development environment.
- [Boilerplate](docs/boiler/general): What's included and why (docs from the boilerplate)

## Legacy Application

Go to the [app-legacy](app-legacy) folder and see the README.md there.
